Dear Business person , This letter was specially selected
to be sent to you . If you no longer wish to receive
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1623 ; Title 1 ; Section 305 ! This is a ligitimate
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich in 58 weeks ! Have you ever noticed
the baby boomers are more demanding than their parents
and people will do almost anything to avoid mailing
their bills ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you process your orders within
seconds and process your orders within seconds . The
best thing about our system is that it is absolutely
risk free for you ! But don't believe us . Ms Anderson
who resides in South Dakota tried us and says "Now
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in good
standing ! If not for you then for your LOVED ONES
- act now . Sign up a friend and you get half off !
Thanks . Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this
red-hot news ! This is a one time mailing there is
no need to request removal if you won't want any more
! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1619 , Title 9 ; Section 304 ! This is not a get
rich scheme . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich within 83 weeks ! Have you ever noticed
nearly every commercial on television has a .com on
in it plus people will do almost anything to avoid
mailing their bills . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this ! We will help you SELL MORE and process your
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson
of Alabama tried us and says "Now I'm rich many more
things are possible" ! We are a BBB member in good
standing ! Do not go to sleep without ordering ! Sign
up a friend and your friend will be rich too . Warmest
regards ! Dear Salaryman , Especially for you - this
cutting-edge news ! This is a one time mailing there
is no need to request removal if you won't want any
more . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1816 ; Title 8 , Section 303 ! This is not a get
rich scheme ! Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 98 days . Have you ever noticed
more people than ever are surfing the web plus how
long the line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now
is your chance to capitalize on this . We will help
you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS plus deliver
goods right to the customer's doorstep ! The best thing
about our system is that it is absolutely risk free
for you ! But don't believe us . Mr Anderson of Nevada
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" . We are licensed to operate in all states ! So
make yourself rich now by ordering immediately . Sign
up a friend and you get half off ! Thanks . Dear Friend
, We know you are interested in receiving breath-taking
news . This is a one time mailing there is no need
to request removal if you won't want any more ! This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624
, Title 5 , Section 309 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk
mail . Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich as few as 33 months ! Have you ever noticed nobody
is getting any younger and society seems to be moving
faster and faster ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting
time by 130% and deliver goods right to the customer's
doorstep ! You are guaranteed to succeed because we
take all the risk . But don't believe us . Mr Simpson
of Mississippi tried us and says "My only problem now
is where to park all my cars" . We are licensed to
operate in all states . If not for you then for your
loved ones - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll
get a discount of 30% . Thanks . Dear Salaryman ; Especially
for you - this amazing news . If you no longer wish
to receive our publications simply reply with a Subject:
of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be removed from
our directory ! This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2416 , Title 9 ; Section 304 ! THIS
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich inside 64 weeks ! Have
you ever noticed people are much more likely to BUY
with a credit card than cash and nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . We will help you use
credit cards on your website & process your orders
within seconds ! The best thing about our system is
that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't
believe us . Mr Simpson who resides in Wyoming tried
us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich - rich
is better" ! We assure you that we operate within all
applicable laws ! Because the Internet operates on
"Internet time" you must act now ! Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! Thank-you for your
serious consideration of our offer ! Dear Friend ;
You made the right decision when you signed up for
our database . If you no longer wish to receive our
publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing
list ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1620 , Title 2 , Section 309 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL
MARKETING ! Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich inside 76 days ! Have you ever noticed
more people than ever are surfing the web plus society
seems to be moving faster and faster . Well, now is
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU
decrease perceived waiting time by 160% and process
your orders within seconds ! The best thing about our
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you .
But don't believe us . Mrs Anderson of Massachusetts
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are
a BBB member in good standing ! We implore you - act
now ! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of
90% . Thanks .
